hey guys this is a TTA what's going in
this video I'm just gonna show you guys
how to build Letty's 1972 Plymouth
Barracuda from The Fast and Furious 7
trailers in GTA 5 online now I believe
this is lassies car because even though
DOM is driving it at the start of the
Super Bowl trailer but she's the one
racing it in the previous bus and
Furious 7 trailer that we got a few
months ago so I'm just going to show you
guys how to build this in single-player
because if I do it in GTA 5 online it's
gonna be hard to get the hardtop and I
don't have that much money to spare in
GTA online anyway so it's a waste of
money but if you guys can get the
hardtop and build it in GTA online
that's great anyway beats
build is really simple because the
customization with the stallion is
pretty limited and it pretty much looks
like the plymouth barracuda stock anyway
so all you've got to do really is change
the color to a metallic black and for
extra shine I've recommend adding a
pearlescent blueish silver then you've
want to change the wheels to black top
under the muscle class and change the
color of that to black steel then I also
recommend putting the lower suspension
on and there we are for the build it's
really simple just those three things
that you've got to change and now we do
recommend lowering it manually after
you've come out of the ALS customs as
the wheels are quite small and it does
give the illusion that the fitment that
Letty's barracuda actually has even
though the real one sits high the wheels
are just too small on the stallion to
fit nicely so they've just got a better
fit meant when the ride is lower rather
than high so to lower all you've got to
do is shoot the wheels at the bottom of
the brake discs and the full guide on
how to do this I'll leave a link in the
description for that and at the end of
the video and then anyway guys yeah
that's all for this build it's a really
simple one I'm still working on the GTA
5 drifting tutorial so keep an eye out
for that I'm just trying to make sure I
can get absolutely everything about
drifting that can help you guys into
that video just one big massive video
about all the tips for drifting so yeah
guys let me know in the comments what
you're excited about what cars you've
seen in the Fast and Furious 7 trailer
the
can't wait to make in GTA 5 or in any
other game like fours or anything and
yeah guys that's pretty much all for
this video thanks for watching don't
forget subscribe for more content like
this
leave a like on the video if you enjoyed
it and I hope to see you guys in the
next video
[Music]